# Project Setup:

Our project can both be run locally or can be accessed by the heroku URL. It is deployed on heroku at https://gamer-port.herokuapp.com/ and can be accessed there. From there, you will land on the main dashboard page, and you can register with a username and password, and then sign in with this username and password to access your own personal account for the application. If you want to run the project locally, you must clone our repository for the project based at https://github.com/emichaud998/cs326-final-gaminggators. You must have postgres installed to run this project, which can be downloaded at https://www.postgresql.org/download/. Once postgres is installed, it must be populated with all the user and game information tables. To do this, boot up postgres with the command `psql`, and then create a database that will be used to store the information for this project with the command `CREATE DATABASE <database_name>`. Exit postgres and now run the command `pg_restore -U <username> -d <database_name> < gamer_port_games_db`, where the <username> is the username for your postgres database (might just be 'postgres' unless you have made your own username on postgres) and <database_name> is the name of the database you have created to store the project tables. This will populate your database named <database_name> with all the tables used in this project. You then can run 'npm start' to start running the server on port 8080. Now, from the browser, you must navigate to localhost:8080, which will bring you to the main dashboard for the project. From there, you can register with a username and password, and then sign in with this username and password to access your own personal account for the application.